OSDOCS 18559 Document how to perform boot image updates on the IBM Cloud platform (#108014)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/mco-update-boot-images-ibm-cloud.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * machine_configuration/mco-update-boot-images.adoc
// * nodes/nodes/nodes-update-boot-images.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="mco-update-boot-images-ibm-cloud_{context}"]
= Manually updating the boot image on an {ibm-cloud-name} cluster

[role="_abstract"]

> For an {ibm-cloud-title} cluster, you can manually update the boot image for your cluster by configuring your machine sets to use the latest {product-title} image as the boot image. By updating the boot image, you can ensure that the {op-system-first} version on new nodes is up-to-date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an {ibm-cloud-title} cluster, you can manually update the boot image for your cluster by configuring your machine sets to use the latest {product-title} image as the boot image. By updating the boot image, you can ensure that newly scaled up nodes are able to successfully pivot to the latest {op-system-first} version and join the cluster. 
```

Minor correction for accuracy
